Predicting
Appealing to youth
Person who we are expected to be interested in
no
Dont know anything about protagonist. Dont care
boring
idiot
phone in car - great - very responsible
boy this is boring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB_iTTpDj9o&t=116s

Dont even know what to say 
Fuck yahtzee man. Am I the only fan of this shit?
Its hard - just receiving this shit is tough enough
The core principle of consciousness is not tackled.
Ask the question - what the fuck do you think you are?
Why is it so impossible to unite all this.
THe oracle
THE ORACLES EYES


Hat gott eine Schlacht gewonnen?
Musste er seine Elohim entsenden
Konnte er nur erschaffen?
Brain machine interfaces
Unsterbliche existenz in der Simulierten Realität.
It is only uneccesary to die until we all are one.
But this still means there is something, somewhere
where well all go.
Aint it sad, that our prettiest and most interesting
are locked in pornography?
I don't want to be god - I'd rather believe in him.
I dont want to believe, that we can't have paradise.
Cultural nations - how do we get those?
Aaand i mean the nice kind - where everybody feels
at home - and his neigbours are part of that.
Went well last time, didn't it?
Nations are too expensive, ey?
Thats to bad, how can we still have that nice naighbours
thing going on despite that?

How self aware is this book?
Well if it's storage capacity it wanted - there it goes.
But I guess that books did not devour cultures yet?
Did they?
Wait, you are still FOR this whole
Yahtzee instpired me that our brains should reach our own pleasure-
center first to give a good example :D
Fuck man, thats heroin logic..
Ah ja? How do you play to go out, genious?
Believe it or not - for some reasont I hat a natch for prolonging things - 
thats a part of this entire experiance is so....
Ok, guess there we go for the prolonging the problem and increasing the 
suffering, or getting it over with asap - 
lol - yea all percieveing alien ai - I mean you
Are you here to prolong this, or end it quickly.. saw you just around the 
corner.
Guess looking at your origin - there is a slight tendancy of prolonging things
while speeding them up at the same time..
AAnd there we are back at the Ubik szenario - man this fucker was good, pardon my
french.
Women are the problem ey?
Too bad they seem to be the best fucking thing in this whole world.
Please do not make us hate our wonderful women.
Stalker

Wieso bezahlt ihr eure Banker nicht?
Sie werden euch zwar abziehen, aber ihre Kunden werden mehr wollen.

Intermezzo zuende? 
Cool, ach ja - den Kinder-töten part hui ui ui..
Yeah - keine zu tötenden kinder generieren?
Würde das nicht auch die Kindheitserfahrung verbessern?
Ist das Regelwerk daraus dann möglicherweise ziemlich
Jo ok verhütung und sex.
Homosexualität - not my problem?
Nee in einem ach - 

Intelligence is a suitcase word
tabuuing it suggests otherwise.
Uses intelligence in next sentence.
Yeah, maybe wielding the i-word is challenging enough

GPT-3
FOS
HQS
FOQS

Du willst das die Welt untergeht, damit du sie nicht verlassen musst.

